Last updated: 16/11/23

Introduction

Welcome to ArtShare. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our application. Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the application.

Information Collection and Use

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the application includes:

Personal Data: Personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, and demographic information, that you voluntarily give to us when choosing to participate in various activities related to the application.

Derivative Data: Information our servers automatically collect when you access the application, such as your IP address, device information, and access times.

Data from Social Networks: User information from social networking sites, such as [Pinterest, Discord], including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks.

Use of Your Information

Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the application to:

Create and manage your account.
Email you regarding your account or orders.
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the application.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the application.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the application.
Notify you of updates to the application.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Disclosure of Your Information

We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:

By Law or to Protect Rights: If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.

Third-Party Service Providers: We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.

Marketing Communications: With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.

Security of Your Information

We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.

Policy for Children

We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.

Contact Us

If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [Your Contact Information].
